okay in my last vid I picked up in this
old u.s. set military American series
200 from 808 for fun down in Hawaii
thanks a lot for the lock man and he
also send me this old 230 which I also
have not even insert adapt it into yet
seem to recall these are false bullpens
mind you I have never picked one of
these on camera before
what's so special about Olay Total
Effects and there we go there it is the
master 2/3 to 30 from 808 full fun
picked blind and I would imagine that
was just a little over a minute if that
yeah thanks from Hawaii 808 for fun hell
of a good guy just starting out
lock-picking check out his vids another
up-and-comer so yeah thank you very much
for both of these Lots which I picked
blind on camera straight out of the
package so if you enjoyed that rate it
peace as always don't use this
information for any illegal activity and
have fun by all means have fun and get
your pick and tools that you K lock the
girls don't Co dot uk'